hey guys next year and today I am back
for some more minecraft auction
zero-point well and last videos really
is Windows 10 mo finally the micro Park
Shin zero point 12 which is the exact
same thing like i said before like
Windows 10 and but it is finally out the
beta is finally out 40 point 12 micro
pop machine you can tell there's you
know there's some differences we got the
hunger bar on the top right we got the
armor on the top left and we got the XP
bar just sitting all by its lonely
lonesome in the middle and of course the
d-pad on the left the change the bat I
actually explain that in a second but
pretty much today's video is gonna be
quick video showcasing t guys and
chanting in micro cognition because it
was it is in the micro partition beta
but it was not in the windows 10 edition
so I'm going to showcasing it for you
guys today's you can see I have seven
levels of XP and also have some very
sexy automat as you can see we got a
diamond chestplate diamond pants and an
Iron Boots and iron helmet but like I
was gonna say the d-pad is different if
you double tap the middle button and the
deep end on the left side you can
actually Crouch as you can see well take
this quickly into the third person just
so you guys can see but you can see I am
crouching I'm crouching I think it works
the same way on the side of like blocks
if you are you see for example we go
over here and you just like crouch off
the edge yeah you can do that as well
like you can do on pc so yeah that's
what you can do and on the right button
is for jumping and I think you can
change some of the stuff in the settings
if i'm not wrong let me just check that
real quick there's d-pad sighs like I
guess that's not it swap a jump and
sneak you can yeah you can swap jump and
sneak I think let me get it actually
easier for me so you can like jump like
this on the left side and you can sneak
on the right side button so yes lots of
customization I'll let's quickly return
to first-person mode and check out the
enchanting table but before I quickly go
on to that that's one dimension to you
guys that beta is out like I said you
can become a tester I'll leave the group
or the community in the description
below for you guys to check it out and
you guys can go players on by yourself
if you are on the android so now let's
get started chanting so I got this
little room set up for all the
bookshelves and what I'm going to do is
when my seven levels are going to
enchant my sword and all my arm red and
maybe a couple pickaxes hey you know it
if I can do that still so let's just
right guys let's just let's do it i'm
pretty excited to see how it works I cuz
i've seen any screenshots I as you guys
know I have been doin any update videos
so I don't be interesting you seen you
can see all these like particles phones
but I think yeah there you see these
particles phone
the book so step on it and you can see
we do have seven levels i guess that
indicates it right there and i'm not
sure okay we have to take our armor off
okay we got to take our armor off first
up for two people to enchant it so take
it off and yeah now we can put it in
alright so I'm not sure what the weather
when there's two things if we put like
at the armor and right oh we need lapiz
lazuli so you see in today's video you
guys learned something to enchant you
need lapiz lazuli along with whatever
armor you wanna or weapon enchants so
I'll be right back with you guys after I
figure out a way to get lapiz lazuli
into my world we're back alright so we
are back in our survivor old I got some
lapiz lazuli here so let's quickly
collect all of it and does give a
similar levels so that that's gonna be
good for the whole enchanting session
but i think i'm not sure if i'm correct
here when i say this but I think what
happens is like it'll show you how many
lapiz lazuli need but it's actually the
level as well of the in chance so for
example you want to get a level 1 inch
an you'll need one lapiz lazuli but if
you want to level 50 inch an you're
going to need 50 lapis lazuli so let's
just test that theory in a second once
we collect all of this should be just a
couple more and i met put splitters back
on because this is actually really weird
for me using the default control so just
put on splitters in just a second now
quickly go over here controls I think I
right here and we can pledge split split
that controls real quick all right sweet
I a sweet pass split that patrols look
so much sexier anyway now we can head
over to the enchantment table yeah
because we did learn something today
together and that is when you let these
lazuli to enchance so we're going to
quickly go to the crafting table I can
squeeze in here and we're going to tap
on it okay so we have 10 levels now
let's change our sword first let's move
our sword first no need maybe the levels
on the right side ya know the levels on
the right side says these e the levels
at seven 16 and 30 and we need a three
or whatever number we avenge my need we
need that so we're going to quickly pick
this out and put it back hand we want to
get luck and lower in chat but we might
not be able to we can only get a seven
why can't we only get a seven
oh my gosh okay so I guess we got to go
with the level 7 enchant unbreaking one
I don't want unbreaking one what is this
what is it now I'm gonna put this back
in okay now hopefully get something but
now we can only get unbreaking one
already serious we can only get
unbreaking one well for that for the
sake of the video we're just gonna do it
we're gonna waste oh no it's only one it
only took one of my levels and it gave
me I'm breaking one okay I'm not sure
how this works then because it shows
like the 7 16 and 30 but then it's not
actually like the durability or I mean
armina with the level of it because this
is just unbreaking one okay that's let's
just let's check by like clicking on
something else and I go over here
diamond sword I'm not sure I you can
check the in chance of the different
source ah hmm well we can just try and
chanting some other stuff we'll see how
it goes and so we get a diamond
chestplate we're gonna put in a piece
lazuli what if we do like two or three
no we can't do two or three okay we
don't have enough i guess it's only
going to do one this ancient is blast
protection alright so we got a blast
protection and channel over here for our
chests posad yeah you can see there's
enchanting an MCP now that's crazy and
it looks pretty good too it looks pretty
smexy with all this enchanted stuff so
we can do our pants real quick here
we're going to get blast protection
again I guess that's all we're gonna get
all this like crappy stuff so yeah
unfortunately I'm more fire this one's
fire protection that's a little
different and then we also have a for
the helmet we have we've got nothing
what is this we can enchant the helmet
because it's 80 that's how many levels
you need okay but only uses one of your
levels when you're in Chancellor but I'm
not sure that's a glitcher but that's
actually how it works but you can see ya
okay so we can't actually get it because
we don't have enough levels okay so we
actually need to get more levels before
we can chat anything else I guess unless
we try doing something like the pickaxe
even with a pickaxe could I need
something like that okay what about the
wooden pickaxe
no just on playback stopped so yeah guys
and that's where my challenge chanting
works in the game I could go kill some
of these mushrooms just to get some more
XP which would be really evil like that
you evil purpose for the video the evil
purpose of the video is to uh kill some
mushrooms and get XP off of them I don't
think we're gonna get enough here but
anyway I hope you guys didn't enjoy and
why is the motion mushrooms in the plane
by oh my don't you remember let's spawn
them and i'm not sure but anyway i hope
you guys enjoyed the video if you did
make sure you like and a comment tell me
what other stuff you guys would like to
see your point but i hope you guys
didn't do the video and I'll see you
guys in the next one thank you guys so
much for watching beef snack see and
when I say its next I mean s nex-5 not
neck CB snacks eats an extra of sexy and
neck see what is better so yeah just be
just be snack see and it's
scientifically proven to be better than
mean just plain old sexy so yeah I'll
see you guys next video peace love you
and I see you